---
title:Inaugural Meeting
layout: base
---

h1. Inaugural IGDA Unity SIG  Meeting

h2. LOCATION

GDC 2014, San Francisco, California
North Hall Moscone Center, ROOM 114
March 19th 2014, 5-6 pm

h2. NOTES

Introduced our founders and Steering Comittee Members: Oded Sharon (Acting Chair), Mike Croswell (Acting Secretary) and Emil (AngryAnt) Johansen (Acting Co-Chair). 

Other co-founders introduced themselves later: Phil Ludington (DC Unity SIG) and Dan Fischbach (affiliated with Philadelphia Unity Group).

We covered the Mission Statement and since it is a work in progress we gathered the attendees' ideas of what they think the emphasis of our group should be.

h3. Key Goals (Including New Ideas)

# Connecting groups and individuals
# Assessing skills
# Best practices
# Tips & Tricks
# Webinars
# Education (at multiple levels)
# ...

h3. Representation

Many folks introduced themselves and I would like to eventually post all the attendees here in order of introduction[1] .  For now, here is a list of the organizations and types of individuals that showed up:
Rochester Institute of Technology, Women In Game SIG leader, undergraduate and graduate students, a few professors, Cogswell College,  GGJ Club, University of Tennessee, Digipen, USC, Dreamworks, and many more.

h3. Some IGDA Unity SIG's and Chapters Represented

* Vienna IGDA (Unity3D Group Soon!), Austria – Sebastian Holzfeind
* Tel Aviv IGDA and Unity Users Group, Israel – Oded Sharon
* DC Area Unity Users Group, USA – Phillip Ludington, Founder
* Houston Unity Group - Justen T. Hootman, Member
* Copenhagen, Denmark – Emil Johansen, Co-Founder of Unity SIG's
* Philadelphia, PA, USA – Dan Fischbach, Member
* Fort Collins Unity SIG, CO, USA - Mike Croswell
* Taiwan SIG - ?
* Seattle SIG - Brandon Wu 

h3. New Members / Areas of Interest

* Jeanett Mathews – General management and the Wiki.
* Rahul Khuran – Best Practices
* Gregory P. Garvey – Educational aspects.
* Justen T. Hootman – General contributor.
* Paul D. Quinones – General contributor.
* Justin Millard - General contributor. Contact Brandon Wu since he's in Kirkland/Seattle?
* Sebastian Holzfeind - General contributor.

fn1.  Didn't think to start on that until we were half way around the room. :-)

"Home":index
-mlc 